Species- What species the fish is. Silver refers to Silver carp (Hypophthalmichthys molitrix), Bighead refers to Bighead carp (Hypophthalmichthys nobilis), Grass refers to Grass carp (Ctenopharyngodon idella), and Black refers to Black carp (Mylopharyngodon piceus).Rounded_age- If the raw data gave the age as a range, this value is average from that source. Raw_age- The age given by the paper (may be a range)Loc- Location name shortformLocation_name- More detailed location nameSource- The summary paper the data is found Notes:- when ages at maturity of both sexes were given, only the female age at maturity was recorded. If no sex was given, the age was recorded.- If the location given was the USSR, Russia was used as a location.- Shireman & Smith (1983) listed two ages in their table, some in brackets and some outside. When there were brackets, the numbers in the brackets were recorded.- The Grass carp age at maturity located in Cuttack, India from Shireman & Smith (1983) listed two sources. Alikunhi et al 1965 couldn’t be found, but Alikunhi and Sukumaran (1964) was found, and cited only male fish, and therefore this datapoint was excluded from analysis.- Gorbach & Krykhtin 1988. o They said that the fish started to mature at age 4-5, but took 4 years to reach spawning site, so an age range of 8-9 years until final maturity was used.- In Bogutskaya et al (2017) and Naseka & Bogutskaya N (2011), the Saryyazyn Resevoir was given as a location for carp to mature. However, this location could not be located, and therefore was not used in any analysis.- In the data point from Komrakova & Kamilov (2001), only the abstract was found. - The location of Balyktchy fish farm, Uzbeckistan from the papers Komrakova & Kamilov (2001), and Kamilov & Komrakova (1999). Though the latitude and longitude of the fish farm was given, the resulting location was in the middle of the Pacific Ocean. For that reason, the city near the fish farm, Tashkent, was used for location data.- Opuszy?ski (1972) mentions that grass carp are found in low rivers in China, so southern China was used as their location data for China.