Loc- Location name shortformRiver- A logical (TRUE or FALSE) saying if that location river location, or if it is a geographic area. TRUE = river; FALSE = larger geographic area. For locations given TRUE, all the following latitudes/longitudes will match, because their geographic location was derived using another method (see photos of rivers)City- A logical (TRUE or FALSE) saying if that location city location, or if it is a geographic area. TRUE = city or other specific location; FALSE = larger geographic area. For locations given TRUE, all the following latitudes/longitudes will match, because their geographic location is the lat/long of the city.N_lat- Latitude of northern-most point in area.N_long- Longitude of the northern-most point in area.E_lat- Latitude of eastern-most point in area.E_long- Longitude of the eastern-most point in area.S_lat- Latitude of southern-most point in area.S_long- Longitude of the southern-most point in area.W_lat- Latitude of western-most point in area.W_long- Longitude of the western-most point in area.Notes:- All coordinates were rounded to four decimal places- For locations that included two geographic regions (eg central eastern China, both the eastern and northern areas were combined, and the points were found for this combination.- The federal districts were used for Russian locations (eg South_Russia).- If no specification is given to the river (eg no “upper” or “south”, then the midpoint of the river was used)- The equation used to find the middle of Cuba returns a point not on land. To find the middle of Cuba, the middle latitude was found (northern most latitude/souther most latitude), and the midpoint of the country at that latitude was used.Rivers:- Missouri River source specified the carp were caught between Sioux City IA and St. Louis MO- Mid_Miss: source specified the carp were caught between Alton IL and Cairo IL- Balkhash: the point chosen is where the Ili River meets Balkhash lake- Kapchagay: the point chosen is where the Ili River meets Kapchagay Reservoir- Khabarovsk: source says that the carp spawn in this area, and mature downstream, so the mid-point of the city of Khabarovsk and the end of the river was chosen- Nucet_farm: the farm is located in Nucet, Dambovita, Romania, so the latitude/longitude for this area was used- Terek: the source provided a map, so the estimated mid-point of map was used.- Daghestan_Terek: A region in Russia. The mid point of the Terek river within the region was taken.